Where do cats write notes? Scratch Paper!
“My Dog has no nose.” “How does he smell?” “Awful”
What do you call a group of disorganized cats? A cat-tastrophe.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad I had to take his bike away.
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, ‘First offender?’ She says, ‘No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!’
What do you call a boy who stopped digging holes? Douglas.
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
A boy dug three holes in the yard. When his mother saw, she exclaimed: "well, well, well"
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
A boy dug three holes in the yard. When his mother saw, she exclaimed: "well, well, well"
Why did the cowboy have a weiner dog? Somebody told him to get a long little doggy.
Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club, but I’m sure I’ve never met herbivore.
Someone broke into my house last night and stole my limbo trophy. How low can you go?
Someone broke into my house last night and stole my limbo trophy. How low can you go?
Why did the house go to the doctor? It was having window panes.
Why did the cowboy have a weiner dog? Somebody told him to get a long little doggy.What's the difference between a seal and a sea lion?
An ion! 
Where did Captain Hook get his hook? From a second hand store.
I went to the zoo yesterday and saw a baguette in a cage. It was bread in captivity.
Did you know you should always take an extra pair of pants golfing? Just in case you get a hole in one.
Bad at golf? Join the club.
What kind of music do planets listen to? Nep-tunes.
What kind of music do planets listen to? Nep-tunes.
What kind of music do planets listen to? Nep-tunes.
Why are basketball players messy eaters? Because they are always dribbling.
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools!
Why do valley girls hang out in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
What do you call a boy who stopped digging holes? Douglas.
I tried to milk a cow today, but was unsuccessful. Udder failure.
